[Music]
one awful nice sleep here through this
thing man no my arm this place is such a
mess
from the awful deco to the dreadful food
to the drunken partying all night long I
need to get the whole team together and
find out how it's gotten into this state
mana go worry what if downstairs have a
meeting so good
yeah with a super cool man that was a
bad night's sleep the noise of up here
was insane
I came by downstairs laughing and brian
Griffin II shut up shouting screaming
about
hey shots all on me is that normal is
that really how these managers operate
when they're off duty they come behind
the bar turn up the jukebox when I've
already turned it down pour themselves
drinks their personal proud house the
main field your ploys that concerned you
drunk in the bath when do I treat you
all [ __ ] badly what yeah when it
comes to scheduling how many days that
you guys have asked off for that you
didn't get off no more often if you can
have run a hotel it's not about having a
[ __ ] party levels of discipline or
just so you know if I have any more but
I'm not gonna get happy sometimes for
you guys you are as good as your team
they represent you and based on what
I've seen I don't think we represent
them properly okay you go first until
these owners what they need to hear we
lose a lot of reservations when we don't
have somebody answer the phone you know
when we leave the front desk we put the
phone in the bar after 8:00 p.m. we are
the front desk
we are the bartenders I saw that last
night yeah they don't answer the phone
because they don't hear it we need
online booking you know that takes away
online bookings at the front desk girls
you know we're talking about getting rid
of the front desk and putting a computer
there we don't have
person there I'll check it so how I feel
about that so they can play you friends
apart on them yeah no that's not what it
is
no it is yes it is you just be totally
Academy I'm afraid to express my
feelings I'm afraid I'm retired really
nobody's threatened here with their job
nobody had you never threatened me by
being fired I have before before you
drunk yes you are drunk that's the
message I'm trying to get through to
your thick skulls you're threatening
staff whilst Annie berated this is crazy
people are deservedly fired
are these sweet money here there's no
structure somebody needs to step up and
run the business and everything else
follows suit you need one general
manager that's the issue you need to be
a leader from the top that's one person
there can be 25 owners but there needs
to be one general manager if something
doesn't change you guys are going to
lose this place okay which one of you is
capable of stepping up and running this
business
you